README.md, before:

2DBrick
=======

A 2D brick game using Unity for self study.

# To-do

- add touch input support.
- deploy and add advertisement.
- fix rank scene bug:
	1. need to click prev button to show result.
	2. sorting issue.
- add shoot direction rotating functionality, to let player control shoot direction.


# Log

## 8/29 A.M.
- fix name input bugs.
- release 1.0 version.
- add pause button.

## 8/28 P.M.
- design title and logo.
- add help pictures.
- redesign audio management.
- complete help scene.
- add support for different resolutions.
- fix bugs: 
	1. respawning bricks doesn't remove old bricks.
	2. fireball fx doesn't work.
	3. clicking reset button triggers ball shoot.
	4. spawning bricks out of screen.
	5. next button doesn't work.
	6. switching stage bugs.

## 8/28 A.M.
- add more partical effects.

## 8/27 P.M.
- add custom fonts.
- optimize paddle collider shape.
- adding ui audio effects.
- reorganise the project.

## 8/26 P.M.
- add music and fx.

## 8/25 P.M.
- stretch several background pictures to fit for mobile screens.
- use final game art.
- complete UI part.

## 8/25 A.M.
- complete UI.
- modify the functionality to spawn bricks.

## 8/24 P.M.
- implement score and rank functionality.
- add drunk ball mode.

## 8/23 P.M.
- rebuild game manager.

## 8/20 P.M.
- Added textures and some animations.

## 8/18 P.M.
- Rebuild fireball.
- Implement rope.
- Add very naive textures.

## 8/18 A.M.
- Finished fireball.

## 8/17 P.M.
- Implementing fireball functionality.
- Modify ball speed control.
- Fix bug that check lose when not.

## 8/17 A.M.
- Implement gun property and fire gun functionality.
- Add no-bricks lose condition.

## 8/16 P.M.
- Implement several properties.

## 8/16 A.M.
- Improve brick generating method.
- Make target score change as brick number change.
- Add target score display.

## 8/15 P.M.
- project begins here.

Commit message:

- prev and next buttons can hide when no more content. - improve help scene UI design to better support different resolutions. - fix end scene's bug of treating place holder as player's name when player directly hits enter button. - now even if player doesn't complete a stage, the score earned in this stage can also be added up to total score. - fix rank scene bug: need to click prev button to show result. - modify several properties to make them easier to distinguish and catch.

README.md, after:

2DBrick
=======

A 2D brick game using Unity for self study.

# To-do

- deploy and add advertisement.
- add shoot direction rotating functionality, to let player control shoot direction.


# Log

## 8/30 A.M.
- prev and next buttons can hide when no more content.
- improve help scene UI design to better support different resolutions.
- fix end scene's bug of treating place holder as player's name when player directly hits enter button.
- now even if player doesn't complete a stage, the score earned in this stage can also be added up to total score.
- fix rank scene bug: need to click prev button to show result.
- modify several properties to make them easier to distinguish and catch.

## 8/29 A.M.
- fix name input bugs.
- release 1.0 version.

## 8/29 P.M.
- add pause button.

## 8/28 P.M.
- design title and logo.
- add help pictures.
- redesign audio management.
- complete help scene.
- add support for different resolutions.
- fix bugs: 
	1. respawning bricks doesn't remove old bricks.
	2. fireball fx doesn't work.
	3. clicking reset button triggers ball shoot.
	4. spawning bricks out of screen.
	5. next button doesn't work.
	6. switching stage bugs.

## 8/28 A.M.
- add more partical effects.

## 8/27 P.M.
- add custom fonts.
- optimize paddle collider shape.
- adding ui audio effects.
- reorganise the project.

## 8/26 P.M.
- add music and fx.

## 8/25 P.M.
- stretch several background pictures to fit for mobile screens.
- use final game art.
- complete UI part.

## 8/25 A.M.
- complete UI.
- modify the functionality to spawn bricks.

## 8/24 P.M.
- implement score and rank functionality.
- add drunk ball mode.

## 8/23 P.M.
- rebuild game manager.

## 8/20 P.M.
- Added textures and some animations.

## 8/18 P.M.
- Rebuild fireball.
- Implement rope.
- Add very naive textures.

## 8/18 A.M.
- Finished fireball.

## 8/17 P.M.
- Implementing fireball functionality.
- Modify ball speed control.
- Fix bug that check lose when not.

## 8/17 A.M.
- Implement gun property and fire gun functionality.
- Add no-bricks lose condition.

## 8/16 P.M.
- Implement several properties.

## 8/16 A.M.
- Improve brick generating method.
- Make target score change as brick number change.
- Add target score display.

## 8/15 P.M.
- project begins here.
